# Pet-grooming-at-delhi
We are based in Noida and come up with pets (Dog &amp; Cat) Grooming and training services. Most of the families buy dogs as a status symbol or due to alone-less at home, But they have limited knowledge or they are not able to give them proper grooming and bath due to this many of the pets healthcare leads to down (illness), To address this issue FluffyTouch launches proper grooming and care services to pets in Delhi NCR.  We provide doorstep services for grooming and pet training . Currently a team of 10, most of whom are either pet parents or pet lovers, FluffyTouch aim to bring the best practices in pet training and grooming sector We plan to open at least 1 salons in every city across the country. There are some step’s for pet grooming Prepare your supplies. ... Brush fur. ... Brush teeth. ... Trim nails. ... Shampoo and rinse. ... Clean ears. ... Dry and Brush Fur. ... Clip Fur. We give a best services to your pet at your doorstep We always care pets like baby We focus "Pets are to be treated with care and gentle handling" Our groomers want your pet to feel fabulous as well as look it.  Fluffy Touch is a brand by BHUMU Group Of Companies. About Bhumu: B-Best, H-Honest, U-Unique, M-Modern, U-Update  "BHUMU in Process to make a easy lifestyle for our coming generation in personal and business both terms. Our strength is the right service and planning with smart and fast way." We are committed to the highest standards in whatever we do. Our quality benchmarks are amongst the best in the world, our ethical standards are high, we are responsive to the needs of our customers and believe in building long-term partnerships with them. We have carried out with distinction our social and environmental responsibilities.   Media Contact Fluffy Touch E-mail: info@fluffytouch.in Mobile: 9658-189-189 Website: www.fluffytouch.in
